polaris.shopify.com/content/components/actions/page-actions.md, before:

---
title: Page actions
description: Page actions let merchants take key actions at the bottom of specific pages in the interface. This is important because sometimes the primary call to action is hard to access when merchants are at the bottom of a page.
category: Actions
keywords:
  - PageActions
  - bottom of page actions
  - bottom page actions
  - primary action
  - primary page actions
  - default page actions
  - save delete actions
  - save actions
  - delete actions
examples:
  - fileName: page-actions-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Used on a resource page (such as an individual order or product page) to let merchants take key actions at the bottom of the page. Usually, the primary action is Save and the secondary action is Delete.
  - fileName: page-actions-primary-action-only.tsx
    title: Primary action only
    description: Not all page actions require a secondary action.
  - fileName: page-actions-with-custom-primary-action.tsx
    title: With custom primary action
    description: Use to create a custom primary action.
  - fileName: page-actions-with-custom-secondary-action.tsx
    title: With custom secondary action
    description: Use to create a custom secondary action.
---

## Best practices

Page actions should:

- Include a single primary action on the right. It should be the same as the primary action that shows in the title bar at the top of the page.
- Include a maximum of two secondary actions, but doesn’t have to include any secondary actions.

---

## Content guidelines

### Call to action buttons

Buttons should be:

- Clear and predictable: merchants should be able to anticipate what will happen when they click a button. Never deceive merchants by mislabeling a button.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Create order
- Buy shipping label

#### Don’t

- New order
- Buy

<!-- end -->

- Action-led: buttons should always lead with a strong verb that encourages action. To provide enough context to merchants use the {verb}+{noun} format on buttons except in the case of common actions like Save, Close, Cancel, or OK.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Activate Apple Pay
- View shipping settings

#### Don’t

- Try Apple Pay
- View your settings

<!-- end -->

- Scannable: avoid unnecessary words and articles such as the, an, or a.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Add menu item

#### Don’t

- Add a menu item

<!-- end -->

---

## Related components

- To add actions to the top of a page, see the [page component’s](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/page) action props
- To create a call to action within the context of other page content, use the [button component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button)
- To let merchants move through a collection of items that spans multiple pages, see the [pagination component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/navigation/pagination)

Commit message:

button ref works but is hacky. todo tests, and secondaryActions
Fixed types for button ref, added ref prop to secondary actions

better type explanation

changeset

 added ref to ActionMenu and actionList, some cleanup

changeset

Update polaris-react/src/types.ts

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/PageActions/PageActions.stories.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/PageActions/PageActions.stories.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/PageActions/PageActions.stories.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

add ref to linkcomponent

updated/cleaned code, added example for page actions with activator

changes to support rollup focus

cleanup

better name

page with activator ref example

Update polaris-react/src/components/ActionMenu/components/MenuGroup/MenuGroup.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/ActionMenu/components/RollupActions/RollupActions.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

fix github commit

prevent closing popover on overlay click

wrap actionsMarkup in useMemo to avoid jank

fix ts

fix types

cleanup unused refs, changed handleResize to callback

ts fix

fix infinite debounced functions

remove popover staying open

cleanu console logs

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/actions/page-actions.md, after:

---
title: Page actions
description: Page actions let merchants take key actions at the bottom of specific pages in the interface. This is important because sometimes the primary call to action is hard to access when merchants are at the bottom of a page.
category: Actions
keywords:
  - PageActions
  - bottom of page actions
  - bottom page actions
  - primary action
  - primary page actions
  - default page actions
  - save delete actions
  - save actions
  - delete actions
examples:
  - fileName: page-actions-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Used on a resource page (such as an individual order or product page) to let merchants take key actions at the bottom of the page. Usually, the primary action is Save and the secondary action is Delete.
  - fileName: page-actions-primary-action-only.tsx
    title: Primary action only
    description: Not all page actions require a secondary action.
  - fileName: page-actions-with-custom-primary-action.tsx
    title: With custom primary action
    description: Use to create a custom primary action.
  - fileName: page-actions-with-custom-secondary-action.tsx
    title: With custom secondary action
    description: Use to create a custom secondary action.
  - fileName: page-actions-with-activator-ref.tsx
    title: With Activator ref on secondary action
    description: Use to provide a ref on a secondary action.
---

## Best practices

Page actions should:

- Include a single primary action on the right. It should be the same as the primary action that shows in the title bar at the top of the page.
- Include a maximum of two secondary actions, but doesn’t have to include any secondary actions.

---

## Content guidelines

### Call to action buttons

Buttons should be:

- Clear and predictable: merchants should be able to anticipate what will happen when they click a button. Never deceive merchants by mislabeling a button.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Create order
- Buy shipping label

#### Don’t

- New order
- Buy

<!-- end -->

- Action-led: buttons should always lead with a strong verb that encourages action. To provide enough context to merchants use the {verb}+{noun} format on buttons except in the case of common actions like Save, Close, Cancel, or OK.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Activate Apple Pay
- View shipping settings

#### Don’t

- Try Apple Pay
- View your settings

<!-- end -->

- Scannable: avoid unnecessary words and articles such as the, an, or a.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Add menu item

#### Don’t

- Add a menu item

<!-- end -->

---

## Related components

- To add actions to the top of a page, see the [page component’s](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/page) action props
- To create a call to action within the context of other page content, use the [button component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button)
- To let merchants move through a collection of items that spans multiple pages, see the [pagination component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/navigation/pagination)
