polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/page.md, before:

---
title: Page
description: Use to build the outer wrapper of a page, including the page title and associated actions.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - page
  - breadcrumbs
  - view
  - title
  - titlebar
  - breadcrumbs
  - pagination
  - page with all header elements
  - page without primary action in header
  - page without pagination
  - full-width page
  - narrow-width page
  - page with action groups
  - outer wrapper
  - page actions
  - page layouts
updateBannerMessage: We are [adding patterns](/patterns) to our documentation. Check out related patterns, expect changes to happen, and [join the discussion](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/categories/pattern-documentation) to make it better!
examples:
  - fileName: page-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use for detail pages, which should have pagination and breadcrumbs, and also often have several actions.
  - fileName: page-with-custom-primary-action.tsx
    title: With custom primary action
    description: Use to create a custom primary action.
  - fileName: page-without-primary-action-in-header.tsx
    title: Without primary action in header
    description: Use when a primary action functions better as part of the page content instead of in the page header.
  - fileName: page-with-destructive-secondary-action.tsx
    title: With destructive secondary action
    description: Used to visually indicate that the secondary page action is destructive.
  - fileName: page-with-custom-secondary-action.tsx
    title: With custom secondary action
    description: Use to create a custom secondary action.
  - fileName: page-with-tooltip-action.tsx
    title: With tooltip action
    description: Use when merchants or their staff will benefit from context on why a page action is disabled.
  - fileName: page-with-subtitle.tsx
    title: With subtitle
    description: Use when the page title benefits from secondary content.
  - fileName: page-with-external-link.tsx
    title: With external link
    description: Use when a secondary action links to another website. Actions marked external open in a new browser tab.
  - fileName: page-without-pagination.tsx
    title: Without pagination
    description: Use when the page doesn’t represent a list of objects or a detail view for an object.
  - fileName: page-full-width.tsx
    title: Full-width
    description: Use for layouts that benefit from more screen width, such as wide tables or lists.
  - fileName: page-narrow-width.tsx
    title: Narrow width
    description: Use a narrow width layout if the page supports a single unified task. When merchants must review the entire page contents to complete their goal, this layout helps focus their attention in a single path from top to bottom.
  - fileName: page-with-action-groups.tsx
    title: With action groups
    description: Use action groups for sets of actions that relate to one another, particularly when there are too many to display as secondary actions. Note that these groups will be further rolled up into a single action for smaller displays so that actions do not wrap or overflow the page bounds.
  - fileName: page-with-content-after-title.tsx
    title: With content after title
    description: Title metadata appears immediately after the page’s title. Use it to communicate brief, important and non-interactive status information about an entire page.
  - fileName: page-with-divider.tsx
    title: With divider
    description: Use when the page needs visual separation between the page header and the content.
---

## Best practices

The page component should:

- Always provide a title for the page header.
- Always provide breadcrumbs when a page has a parent page.
- Be organized around a primary activity. If that primary activity is a single action, provide it as a primary button in the page header.
- Provide other page-level actions as secondary actions in the page header.
- When the page represents an object of a certain type, provide pagination links to the previous and next object of the same type.

---

## Content guidelines

### Title

Titles should:

- Describe the page in as few words as possible.
- Be the name of the object type (pluralized) when the page is a list of objects. For a list of orders, the page title should be “Orders”.
- Not be truncated.

### App icon

App icons should:

- Provide their app icon
- Only be provided for pages that are part of a Shopify app

### Breadcrumbs

The content of each breadcrumb link should be the title of the page to which it links.

### Page header actions

Page header action labels should be:

- Clear and predictable: merchants should be able to anticipate what will happen when they click a page action. Never deceive merchants by mislabeling an action.

- Action-led: they should always lead with a strong verb that encourages action. To provide enough context to merchants, use the {verb}+{noun} format.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Create order
- View in Postmates

#### Don’t

- Create
- Postmates deliveries

<!-- end -->

- Short: for secondary actions, when the noun represents the same object as the page itself, a verb alone may be used. If there is ambiguity (such as with the verb “Cancel”), always use the {verb}+{noun} format.

  In the context of the orders list page:

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Import
- Export

#### Don’t

- Import orders
- Export orders

<!-- end -->

- Scannable: avoid unnecessary words and articles such as the, an, or a.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Add menu item

#### Don’t

Add a menu item

<!-- end -->

---

## Related components

- To lay out the content within a page, use the [layout component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/layout)
- To add pagination within the context of a list or other page content, use the [pagination component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/navigation/pagination)
- To add primary and secondary calls to action at the bottom of a page, see the [page actions component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/page-actions)

## Related patterns

- [App settings layout](/patterns/app-settings-layout)
- [Resource details layout](/patterns/resource-details-layout)

Commit message:

button ref works but is hacky. todo tests, and secondaryActions
Fixed types for button ref, added ref prop to secondary actions

better type explanation

changeset

 added ref to ActionMenu and actionList, some cleanup

changeset

Update polaris-react/src/types.ts

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/PageActions/PageActions.stories.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/PageActions/PageActions.stories.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/PageActions/PageActions.stories.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

add ref to linkcomponent

updated/cleaned code, added example for page actions with activator

changes to support rollup focus

cleanup

better name

page with activator ref example

Update polaris-react/src/components/ActionMenu/components/MenuGroup/MenuGroup.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

Update polaris-react/src/components/ActionMenu/components/RollupActions/RollupActions.tsx

Co-authored-by: Chloe Rice <chloerice@users.noreply.github.com>

fix github commit

prevent closing popover on overlay click

wrap actionsMarkup in useMemo to avoid jank

fix ts

fix types

cleanup unused refs, changed handleResize to callback

ts fix

fix infinite debounced functions

remove popover staying open

cleanu console logs

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/page.md, after:

---
title: Page
description: Use to build the outer wrapper of a page, including the page title and associated actions.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - page
  - breadcrumbs
  - view
  - title
  - titlebar
  - breadcrumbs
  - pagination
  - page with all header elements
  - page without primary action in header
  - page without pagination
  - full-width page
  - narrow-width page
  - page with action groups
  - outer wrapper
  - page actions
  - page layouts
updateBannerMessage: We are [adding patterns](/patterns) to our documentation. Check out related patterns, expect changes to happen, and [join the discussion](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/categories/pattern-documentation) to make it better!
examples:
  - fileName: page-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use for detail pages, which should have pagination and breadcrumbs, and also often have several actions.
  - fileName: page-with-custom-primary-action.tsx
    title: With custom primary action
    description: Use to create a custom primary action.
  - fileName: page-with-activator-ref.tsx
    title: With activator ref
    description: Use to create a page with activator ref.
  - fileName: page-without-primary-action-in-header.tsx
    title: Without primary action in header
    description: Use when a primary action functions better as part of the page content instead of in the page header.
  - fileName: page-with-destructive-secondary-action.tsx
    title: With destructive secondary action
    description: Used to visually indicate that the secondary page action is destructive.
  - fileName: page-with-custom-secondary-action.tsx
    title: With custom secondary action
    description: Use to create a custom secondary action.
  - fileName: page-with-tooltip-action.tsx
    title: With tooltip action
    description: Use when merchants or their staff will benefit from context on why a page action is disabled.
  - fileName: page-with-subtitle.tsx
    title: With subtitle
    description: Use when the page title benefits from secondary content.
  - fileName: page-with-external-link.tsx
    title: With external link
    description: Use when a secondary action links to another website. Actions marked external open in a new browser tab.
  - fileName: page-without-pagination.tsx
    title: Without pagination
    description: Use when the page doesn’t represent a list of objects or a detail view for an object.
  - fileName: page-full-width.tsx
    title: Full-width
    description: Use for layouts that benefit from more screen width, such as wide tables or lists.
  - fileName: page-narrow-width.tsx
    title: Narrow width
    description: Use a narrow width layout if the page supports a single unified task. When merchants must review the entire page contents to complete their goal, this layout helps focus their attention in a single path from top to bottom.
  - fileName: page-with-action-groups.tsx
    title: With action groups
    description: Use action groups for sets of actions that relate to one another, particularly when there are too many to display as secondary actions. Note that these groups will be further rolled up into a single action for smaller displays so that actions do not wrap or overflow the page bounds.
  - fileName: page-with-content-after-title.tsx
    title: With content after title
    description: Title metadata appears immediately after the page’s title. Use it to communicate brief, important and non-interactive status information about an entire page.
  - fileName: page-with-divider.tsx
    title: With divider
    description: Use when the page needs visual separation between the page header and the content.
---

## Best practices

The page component should:

- Always provide a title for the page header.
- Always provide breadcrumbs when a page has a parent page.
- Be organized around a primary activity. If that primary activity is a single action, provide it as a primary button in the page header.
- Provide other page-level actions as secondary actions in the page header.
- When the page represents an object of a certain type, provide pagination links to the previous and next object of the same type.

---

## Content guidelines

### Title

Titles should:

- Describe the page in as few words as possible.
- Be the name of the object type (pluralized) when the page is a list of objects. For a list of orders, the page title should be “Orders”.
- Not be truncated.

### App icon

App icons should:

- Provide their app icon
- Only be provided for pages that are part of a Shopify app

### Breadcrumbs

The content of each breadcrumb link should be the title of the page to which it links.

### Page header actions

Page header action labels should be:

- Clear and predictable: merchants should be able to anticipate what will happen when they click a page action. Never deceive merchants by mislabeling an action.

- Action-led: they should always lead with a strong verb that encourages action. To provide enough context to merchants, use the {verb}+{noun} format.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Create order
- View in Postmates

#### Don’t

- Create
- Postmates deliveries

<!-- end -->

- Short: for secondary actions, when the noun represents the same object as the page itself, a verb alone may be used. If there is ambiguity (such as with the verb “Cancel”), always use the {verb}+{noun} format.

  In the context of the orders list page:

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Import
- Export

#### Don’t

- Import orders
- Export orders

<!-- end -->

- Scannable: avoid unnecessary words and articles such as the, an, or a.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Add menu item

#### Don’t

Add a menu item

<!-- end -->

---

## Related components

- To lay out the content within a page, use the [layout component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/layout)
- To add pagination within the context of a list or other page content, use the [pagination component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/navigation/pagination)
- To add primary and secondary calls to action at the bottom of a page, see the [page actions component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/page-actions)

## Related patterns

- [App settings layout](/patterns/app-settings-layout)
- [Resource details layout](/patterns/resource-details-layout)
